www.OpenSubtitles.org ile bugïŋ―n baïŋ―lantïŋ― kurun ve ïŋ―rïŋ―nïŋ―nïŋ―zïŋ―n ya da markanïŋ―zïŋ―n reklamïŋ―nïŋ― burada yapïŋ―n.
- ïŋ―yi gïŋ―rïŋ―nïŋ―yorsun Hollandalïŋ―.
- Uzun zaman oldu General.
ïŋ―ïŋ―eri gel.
18 saat ïŋ―nce bir helikopter kaybettik...
hïŋ―kïŋ―metten bir bakanla. yardïŋ―mcïŋ―sïŋ―nïŋ―...
...bu kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―irin ïŋ―lkeden gïŋ―tïŋ―rïŋ―yordu.
Onlarïŋ―n mevziine yerleïŋ―tirilmiïŋ― bir
transponderimiz var... bu civarlarda.
Bu bakan. sïŋ―nïŋ―rïŋ―n hep
yanlïŋ―ïŋ― tarafïŋ―nda mïŋ― yolculuk eder?
Belli ki rotadan sapmïŋ―ïŋ―lar.
Gerillalarïŋ―n elinde olduklarïŋ― kesin gibi.
Bize neden gerek var?
Neden dïŋ―zenli orduyu kullanmïŋ―yorsunuz?
ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― kahrolasïŋ― kaïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―n biri
seni en iyi olmakla suïŋ―ladïŋ―.
Dillon.
Seni kahpenin ïŋ―ocuïŋ―u.
Ne oldu? CIA seni
evrak bïŋ―lïŋ―mïŋ―nde mi ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―rïŋ―yor?
- Yetmedi mi?
- Kendini ïŋ―ok yorma Hollandalïŋ―.
- Pes etmeyi hiïŋ― ïŋ―ïŋ―renemedin.
- Seni gïŋ―rmek mïŋ―thiïŋ― Hollandalïŋ―.
- Bu kravatta ne bïŋ―yle?
- Boïŋ― ver kravatïŋ―mïŋ―.
Berlin'de becerdiïŋ―in o iïŋ―i duydum.
Aferin Hollandalïŋ―.
- Eski gïŋ―nler.
- Evet. eski gïŋ―nlerdeki gibi.
- Nasïŋ―l oldu da Libya'yïŋ― atladïŋ―n?
- Tarzïŋ―m deïŋ―ildi.
Senin tarzïŋ―n yok Hollandalïŋ―. Biliyoruz.
Haydi. Neden geïŋ―tin?
Biz bir kurtarma ekibiyiz. katil deïŋ―il.
ïŋ―imdi. ne yapmamïŋ―z gerekiyor?
ïŋ―u kabine bakanïŋ―.
bizim operasyon alanïŋ―mïŋ―z iïŋ―in ïŋ―nemli.
Arkadaïŋ―larïŋ―mïŋ―zdan bir kaïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―n canïŋ―na
okunmak ïŋ―zere ve buna izin veremeyiz.
Bize en iyisi lazïŋ―m. Bunun iïŋ―in buradasïŋ―n.
- Devam et.
- Basit bir plan. Bir gïŋ―nlïŋ―k operasyon.
Helikopter izlerini sïŋ―rïŋ―p. rehineleri toplayïŋ―p
kimsenin ruhu duymadan dïŋ―neceïŋ―iz.
- "Biz" ne demek?
- Ben de geliyorum Hollandalïŋ―.
General. ekibim yalnïŋ―z ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―r.
Bunu biliyorsunuz.
Korkarïŋ―m bizim de emirlerimiz var. Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Hedefe ulaïŋ―tïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―zda. Dillon durumu
deïŋ―erlendirecek ve gïŋ―revi devralacak.
Delta Bir-Sïŋ―fïŋ―r'dan. iki Lider'e.
Buluïŋ―ma noktalarïŋ― ve frekanslar
belirtilmiïŋ― ve kesinleïŋ―miïŋ―tir.
- AWACS dïŋ―rt saatte bir temasa geïŋ―er.
- Desteklerimiz kim?
Destek yok. Bu tek gidiïŋ― bileti.
O sïŋ―nïŋ―rïŋ― geïŋ―tigimizde. kendi baïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ―zayïŋ―z.
Durum her dakika daha iyiye gidiyor.
Billy!
Billy! Geïŋ―en gïŋ―n. manitama dedim ki...
"Biliyor musun. kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k bir kuku istiyorum."
O da dedi ki
"Ben de. Benimki bir ev kadar bïŋ―yïŋ―k."
Anladïŋ―n mïŋ―. daha kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―
istiyormuïŋ― ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― onunki...
...bir ev kadar bïŋ―yïŋ―kmïŋ―ïŋ―.
ïŋ―u kokuïŋ―muïŋ― pisliïŋ―i ïŋ―ek suratïŋ―mdan.
Burada bir sïŋ―rïŋ― dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―eneli ibne var.
Bu zïŋ―mbïŋ―rtïŋ―. seni de
etobur bir seks dinozoru yapacak....
...tïŋ―pkïŋ― benim gibi.
ïŋ―unu kïŋ―zgïŋ―n kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―na tak Blain.
O 72'deydi. Benle Hollandalïŋ―.
ikimiz de bir tane almïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―k.
ïŋ―ok pis bir alïŋ―ïŋ―kanlïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―n var.
Tamam Lider.
Bunu ne ïŋ―ok ïŋ―zlediïŋ―imi
hiïŋ― fark etmemiïŋ―im. Hollandalïŋ―.
Asla o kadar akïŋ―llïŋ― olmadïŋ―n.
Hawkins. sïŋ―ra senin.
Hatlar ileride.
Pilotlar baïŋ―larïŋ―ndan vurulmuïŋ―.
Atïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― kim yaptïŋ―ysa. iïŋ―leri dïŋ―ïŋ―larïŋ―na ïŋ―ïŋ―kmïŋ―ïŋ―.
- Onlarïŋ― ïŋ―sïŋ― gïŋ―dïŋ―mlïŋ―yle ïŋ―ïŋ―kartmïŋ―ïŋ―.
- Bir ïŋ―ey daha. Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bu sïŋ―radan bir ordu taksisi deïŋ―il.
Bana daha ïŋ―ok bir teftiïŋ― kuïŋ―u gibi geliyor.
- Hïŋ―lïŋ― iz mi topluyorsunuz?
- Billy o iïŋ―i yapïŋ―yor.
Isïŋ― gïŋ―dïŋ―mlïŋ― Dillon. Bir avuïŋ― yarïŋ―m akïŋ―llïŋ―
daïŋ― ïŋ―ocuïŋ―u iïŋ―in oldukïŋ―a sofistike bir ïŋ―ey.
Sanïŋ―rïŋ―m her geïŋ―en gïŋ―n daha iyi donanïŋ―yorlar.
12 gerilla vardïŋ―.
ïŋ―kisini helikopterden aldïŋ―lar.
ama bir ïŋ―ey daha var.
- Ne demek istiyorsun?
- Amerikan ordu ïŋ―izmesi giyen altïŋ― adam.
Buraya kuzeyden geldiler.
ve sonra gerillalarïŋ― izlediler.
Bu sana bir ïŋ―ey anlatïŋ―yor mu?
Herhalde bir baïŋ―ka asi devriye.
Sïŋ―rekli buralarda dolaïŋ―ïŋ―rlar.
ïŋ―lerle. bak bakalïŋ―m ne bulabileceksin.
Ne buldu?
Aynïŋ― iïŋ―. Gerillalar
helikopterden iki adamïŋ― alïŋ―yor....
...arkalarïŋ―nda Amerikan ekipmanlïŋ―
adamlar var.
Afganistan'ïŋ― hatïŋ―rlïŋ―yor musun?
Unutmaya ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―yorum. Haydi.
Aman Tanrïŋ―m.
Jim Hopper.
Mac. indir onlarïŋ―.
Bu adamlarïŋ― tanïŋ―yordum.
Bragg Kalesi'nden Yeïŋ―il Bereliler.
Burada ne halt yiyorlardïŋ―?
Bilmiyorum Hollandalïŋ―. Bu insanlïŋ―k dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bana bu bïŋ―lgede
operasyon olduïŋ―u sïŋ―ylenmedi.
- Burada olmamalïŋ―ydïŋ―lar.
- Ama birisi onlarïŋ― gïŋ―nderdi.
Gerillalar onlarïŋ―n derisini mi yïŋ―zdïŋ―?
Neden derilerini yïŋ―zsïŋ―nler ki?
Hiïŋ― bir asker bïŋ―yle ïŋ―lmemeli.
- Burada neler oldu Billy?
- Garip Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bir silahlïŋ― ïŋ―atïŋ―ïŋ―ma oldu.
Her yïŋ―ne ateïŋ― ediyorlardïŋ―.
Hopper nasïŋ―l pusuya yïŋ―rïŋ―r. inanamïŋ―yorum.
Bunu yaptïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―na ben de inanmïŋ―yorum.
Tek bir iz bile bulamïŋ―yorum.
- Bu ïŋ―ok anlamsïŋ―z.
- Peki Hopper'in diïŋ―er adamlarïŋ― ne oldu?
Hiïŋ―bir iïŋ―aret yok efendim.
Burayïŋ― asla terk etmediler.
Sanki yok oluverdiler gibi.
Gerillalarïŋ―n izini sïŋ―rmeye devam et.
ïŋ―imdi rehinelere bakalïŋ―m.
ïŋ―lerliyoruz. beïŋ― metreye yayïŋ―lïŋ―n. Ses yok.
ïŋ―u eski aïŋ―rïŋ―sïŋ―zïŋ― ïŋ―ïŋ―karmanïŋ―n zamanïŋ― geldi.
ïŋ―deïŋ―me zamanïŋ―.
Bizi izliyorsun piïŋ― kurusu.
Dïŋ―nyada kim olduïŋ―un umurumda deïŋ―il.
Bir daha yerimizi belli edersen. sessizce
kanïŋ―nïŋ― emip seni burada bïŋ―rakacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Anlaïŋ―ïŋ―ldïŋ― mïŋ―?
Lanet olasïŋ―.
Rehinelerden birini ïŋ―ldïŋ―rdïŋ―ler.
ïŋ―lerliyoruz.
Mac. Blain - Mevziye.
Billy. Poncho - Koruma.
Hawkins. Dillon - Destek.
Onlar yerlerini alïŋ―r almaz.
yakïŋ―t deposunu vuruyorum.
Biri gitti.
Lanet olasïŋ― ne yapïŋ―yor?
Lanet olasïŋ― ne?...
Gïŋ―steri zamanïŋ― evlat.
Hedef. palapa'nïŋ―n merkezi.
Hollandalïŋ―. saat dokuz yïŋ―nïŋ―nde.
ïŋ―ndir ïŋ―unu.
Bir yere ayrïŋ―lmayïŋ―n.
Rehineler iïŋ―eride.
Tak tak.
Onlarïŋ― yakaladïŋ―m.
Hawkins. yer ve durum iste.
Con Op'u aïŋ―ïŋ―na dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―r.
Anlaïŋ―ïŋ―ldïŋ―. Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Kahretsin.
Mac. Diïŋ―er rehineyle ilgili
herhangi bir iïŋ―aret var mïŋ―?
ïŋ―bïŋ―r herifi buldum. O da ïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―
ve helikopterin diïŋ―li takïŋ―mïŋ―.
Ama onlar Latin Amerika'lïŋ―ysa.
ben de bir ïŋ―inli'yim.
Gïŋ―rïŋ―nïŋ―ïŋ―e gïŋ―re. bizim bakan CIA imiïŋ―.
Bir ïŋ―ey daha. Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―. ïŋ―anslïŋ―ymïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―z.
Cilaladïŋ―klarïŋ― diïŋ―er herifler...
Rus askeri danïŋ―ïŋ―manlarmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Burada epey bïŋ―yïŋ―k bir ïŋ―ey dïŋ―nïŋ―yordu.
ïŋ―yi iïŋ― baïŋ―ardïŋ―n. Mac.
Temizleyin. ïŋ―z kalmasïŋ―n.
Adamlarïŋ― harekete hazïŋ―rla.
Kahpenin ïŋ―ocuïŋ―u. kene gibi gïŋ―mïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―.
- Vuruldun. Kanaman var. dostum.
- Kanayacak zamanïŋ―m yok.
Saklanacak zamanïŋ―n var mïŋ―?
Bu acayip gïŋ―zel.
Lanet olasïŋ― piyangoyu vurduk.
Dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ndïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ―zden de fazlasïŋ―nïŋ― aldïŋ―k.
O hergeleleri ele geïŋ―irdik.
- Onlarïŋ― ele geïŋ―irdik.
- Sanïŋ―rïŋ―m bunu arïŋ―yorsun.
Bize tuzak kurdunuz.
Bu bir oyundu. Hepsi oyun.
Bakanmïŋ―ïŋ―. rehinelermiïŋ―.
Bizi buraya pis iïŋ―leriniz iïŋ―in getirdiniz.
Bïŋ―yïŋ―k bir istilayïŋ― durdurduk.
ïŋ―ïŋ― gïŋ―n iïŋ―inde sïŋ―nïŋ―rïŋ― aïŋ―acaklardïŋ―.
- Neden biz?
- ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― baïŋ―kasïŋ― bunun altïŋ―ndan kalkamazdïŋ―.
- Kïŋ―zmanïŋ― anlïŋ―yorum ama baïŋ―ka tïŋ―rlïŋ― gelmezdin.
- Peki. Hopper'e hangi hikayeyi anlattïŋ―nïŋ―z?
Burayïŋ― aylardïŋ―r arïŋ―yorduk.
Helikopter dïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nde adamlarïŋ―m iïŋ―indeydi.
- Hopper iïŋ―eri girdi ve yok oldu.
- Yok olmadïŋ―. Canlïŋ― canlïŋ― derisi yïŋ―zïŋ―ldïŋ―.
Bu piïŋ―lerin iïŋ―ini gïŋ―rebilecek
birisi lazïŋ―mdïŋ―.
Ve bir hikaye uydurup
altïŋ―mïŋ―zïŋ― da bir kïŋ―yma makinesine attïŋ―n.
Sana ne oldu Dillon?
Sen gïŋ―venebileceïŋ―im biriydin.
Uyandïŋ―m.
Sen neden uyanmïŋ―yorsun artïŋ―k?
Sen bir malsïŋ―n....
...feda edilebilir bir malsïŋ―n....
...ve iïŋ―in yapïŋ―lmasïŋ― iïŋ―in
seni kullandïŋ―m. Anladïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Benim adamlarïŋ―m feda edilemez.
Ve ben bu tarz iïŋ―ler yapmam.
Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―. burada gerïŋ―ekten boka battïŋ―k.
Her tarafta gerillalar var.
ïŋ―ki-ïŋ―ïŋ― kilometreden daha ïŋ―tede olamazlar.
- Zaman ne kadar?
- Yarïŋ―m saat veya az.
- Mac'e beïŋ― dakikada hareket var de.
- O bizimle geliyor. ïŋ―ok deïŋ―erli.
ïŋ―lk fïŋ―rsatta yerimizi belli edecek. Gelemez.
Hïŋ―lïŋ― emir altïŋ―ndasïŋ―nïŋ―z Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
ïŋ―imdi. telefon ediyor musun.
yoksa ben mi edeyim?
Kïŋ―z senin yïŋ―kïŋ―n.
Geride kalïŋ―rsan bir baïŋ―ïŋ―nasïŋ―n.
Burasïŋ― kafeslenmek iïŋ―in fazla sïŋ―cak.
Sïŋ―nïŋ―ra dek bize dokunmayacaklardïŋ―r.
Billy. Bana bu delikten ïŋ―ïŋ―kïŋ―ïŋ― yolu gïŋ―ster.
Telsiz. baïŋ―lantïŋ―nïŋ―n kesildiïŋ―ini sïŋ―ylïŋ―yor.
Buradan tek ïŋ―ïŋ―kïŋ―ïŋ― yolu.
doïŋ―uya giden ïŋ―u vadi.
Kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― kïŋ―rïŋ―k bir kïŋ―peïŋ―i bile
o yola harcamazdïŋ―m.
Fazla seïŋ―enek yok.
Poncho. baïŋ―a geïŋ―. Hïŋ―zlïŋ― yïŋ―rïŋ―yïŋ―ïŋ―e baïŋ―la.
Dillon.
Buraya.
- Arkanïŋ― dïŋ―n.
- Neden?
Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―rler.
Bir ïŋ―ey deïŋ―il.
Billy.
Geïŋ―en gïŋ―n kïŋ―z arkadaïŋ―ïŋ―mla
oral seks yapïŋ―yorduk.
Ona dedim ki. "Amma da bïŋ―yïŋ―k kuku.
Amma da bïŋ―yïŋ―k kuku."
"Niye iki kez sïŋ―yledin?" dedi.
Ben de "Sïŋ―ylemedim" dedim.
Anlïŋ―yor musun. eko yapïŋ―yordu yani.
Buraya.
Arkanïŋ― dïŋ―n.
Arkanïŋ― dïŋ―n. Buraya.
Bir ïŋ―ey deïŋ―il.
Lanet olasïŋ―.
Vay vay. vay vay.
Kïŋ―tïŋ― orman gïŋ―rdïŋ―m daha ïŋ―nce.
ama bïŋ―ylesini hiïŋ― gïŋ―rmedim dostum.
Seni anlïŋ―yorum. Bu bok bir felaket.
Kamboïŋ―ya Kansas gibi kalïŋ―yor yanïŋ―nda.
Memleketten kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k bir tat. ha.
Burada tat gidiyor. acïŋ― dïŋ―nyasïŋ―ndasïŋ―n.
Haydi canïŋ―m. Bïŋ―rak ïŋ―uvallamayïŋ―. Kalk.
Haydi. Kalkacak mïŋ―sïŋ―n?
Belki ona yular baïŋ―lasan
daha iyi edersin. ajan adam.
Bir daha dene... lïŋ―tfen.
Billy'i bïŋ―yle korkutan ne?
Bilemem Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bïŋ―tïŋ―n sabah kafadan ïŋ―atlak gibi davrandïŋ―.
Onun ïŋ―u lanet olasïŋ― burnu... Bir garip.
Ne var?
Billy...
Lanet olasïŋ― neyin var senin?
ïŋ―u aïŋ―aïŋ―larïŋ―n arasïŋ―nda bir ïŋ―ey var.
Bir ïŋ―ey gïŋ―rïŋ―yor musun?
ïŋ―u yukarïŋ―da.
Hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey.
Ne dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―yorsun?
Sanïŋ―rïŋ―m bir ïŋ―ey yok Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Lïŋ―tfen.
Billy. solu kes.
Mac. saïŋ― tarafïŋ―.
- Neler?... Bu onun kanïŋ― deïŋ―il.
- Lanet olasïŋ― ona ne yaptïŋ―n?
Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―... buna bir baksanïŋ―z iyi olur.
Hawkins'i buldun mu?
Ben...
Emin deïŋ―ilim.
Tanrïŋ― aïŋ―kïŋ―na ne?...
Sanïŋ―rïŋ―m bu Hawkins.
- Lanet olasïŋ― bedeni nerede?
- Ondan iz yok.
Ona neler olduïŋ―unu sor.
Orman diyor...
Canlanmïŋ―ïŋ― ve onu almïŋ―ïŋ―.
Saïŋ―malïŋ―k. ïŋ―yle dememiïŋ―tir.
- Bu ïŋ―ok anlamsïŋ―z.
- O laïŋ―ïŋ―mcïŋ―lar bizi izledi...
Onlar bizim ïŋ―nïŋ―mïŋ―zdeydi. Bu kadïŋ―n...
Kesin ïŋ―unu.
Kesin dedim. Telsizini veya
silahïŋ―nïŋ― neden almadïŋ―lar peki?
O neden kaïŋ―madïŋ―?
- Hopper.
- Ne?
Aynïŋ― ïŋ―eyi Jim Hopper'e yaptïŋ―lar.
Hawkins'in bedeninin bulunmasïŋ―nïŋ― istiyorum.
Tarama usulïŋ―. Geri dïŋ―n. 50 metre. Gidelim.
Gelin. sizi piïŋ― kurularïŋ―.
Gelin.
Eski aïŋ―rïŋ―sïŋ―z bekliyor.
ïŋ―avuïŋ―.
Piïŋ― kurusu.
- Ne oldu?
- Onu gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
- Neyi gïŋ―rdïŋ―n?
Blain.
Barut yanïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― yok. ïŋ―arapnel yok.
Yara erimiïŋ―. daïŋ―lanmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bunu bir adama ne yapmïŋ―ïŋ― olabilir?
Mac.
Mac. bana bak.
Bunu kim yaptïŋ―?
Bilmiyorum. lanet olsun.
Ben bir ïŋ―ey gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
Tek bir ïŋ―ey yok.
Lanet olasïŋ― tek bir iz yok.
Kan yok. cesetler yok.
Biz bir hiïŋ―i vuruyoruz.
Dillon. telsizle temas kursan iyi olur.
Mac.
- ïŋ―avuïŋ―.
- Evet efendim.
Elimizdeki her ïŋ―eyle o tepede
mayïŋ―nlïŋ― bir savunma mevzii istiyorum.
- Onu panïŋ―osuna koy. Bizimle gïŋ―tïŋ―rïŋ―yoruz.
- Tamamdïŋ―r.
Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
fiïŋ―ekleri ve kïŋ―lïŋ―ïŋ―larïŋ― yerleïŋ―tirdim.
Bunlara takïŋ―lmadan
hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey bu yere yaklaïŋ―amaz.
Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim ïŋ―avuïŋ―.
Mac.
O iyi bir askerdi.
O. benim...
...arkadaïŋ―ïŋ―mdïŋ―.
Elveda dostum.
Blazer Bir. tekrar ediyorum.
bizi buradan almanïŋ―z lazïŋ―m.
Tekrar et. Blazer Bir. Tekrar et.
Alïŋ―m talebi reddedildi.
Bïŋ―lge hïŋ―lïŋ― tehlike altïŋ―nda.
Esir alïŋ―mïŋ― iïŋ―in. 3.000 mïŋ―ntïŋ―kasïŋ―na ilerleyin.
ïŋ―ncelik yok. Gelecek baïŋ―lantïŋ― 9:30'da.
Tamam. Blazer Bir. 10:30'da.
Lanet hergeleler.
ïŋ―ok iïŋ―te olduïŋ―umuzu sïŋ―ylïŋ―yorlar.
Risk alamazlarmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Biz malïŋ―z. Dillon.
Feda edilebilir mallar.
Bu iïŋ―in bir parïŋ―asïŋ―.
Bunu kabul edebilirim.
Saïŋ―ma.
Sen de tïŋ―pkïŋ― hepimiz gibisin.
Zaten bu durumda. bir helikopterin bize
ne bok faydasïŋ― olacaksa.
ïŋ―avuïŋ―?
ïŋ―avuïŋ―. Bugïŋ―n bizi vuran kimdi?
Bilmiyorum.
Yalnïŋ―zca kamuflajlïŋ― birini gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
Oradaydïŋ―.
O gïŋ―zler yok oldu.
Neydi o?
O gïŋ―zler. onlar...
...yok oldu.
Bir ïŋ―eyi biliyorum Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
Yaklaïŋ―tïŋ―m ve doïŋ―rudan ona ateïŋ― ettim.
Minigun'a 200 fiïŋ―ek yïŋ―kledim...
Bïŋ―tïŋ―n paketi.
Hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey...
yeryïŋ―zïŋ―ndeki hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey hayatta kalamazdïŋ―.
O mesafede asla.
Mac. ilk nïŋ―beti sen al. sonra biraz dinlen.
Sor ona. Ona ne gïŋ―rdïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sor.
Hawkins'e ne olduïŋ―unu sor.
Haydi. Sor ona.
Lanet olasïŋ― aynïŋ― ïŋ―eyi sïŋ―ylïŋ―yor.
Orman canlanmïŋ―ïŋ― ve onu almïŋ―ïŋ―.
Billy... senin bildiïŋ―in bir ïŋ―eyler var.
Nedir o?
- Korkuyorum. Poncho.
- Saïŋ―ma. Sen kimseden korkmazsïŋ―n.
Orada bizi bekleyen bir ïŋ―ey var....
...ve o bir insan deïŋ―il.
Hepimiz ïŋ―leceïŋ―iz.
Soïŋ―ukkanlïŋ―lïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― kaybediyor. Bir kaïŋ―
herif var ve onlarïŋ― alt etmemiz gerekiyor.
Hïŋ―lïŋ― anlamadïŋ―n Dillon. deïŋ―il mi?
Oradaki her ne ise. Hopper'i ïŋ―ldïŋ―rdïŋ―....
...ve ïŋ―imdi de bizi istiyor.
ïŋ―ïŋ―te yine buradayïŋ―z dostum....
...sadece sen ve ben.
Aynïŋ― ay ve aynïŋ― orman.
Gerïŋ―ek 10 numara gecesi. hatïŋ―rladïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Tïŋ―m mïŋ―freze parïŋ―alanmïŋ―ïŋ―. 32 adam.
ve biz yïŋ―rïŋ―yïŋ―p gidiyoruz. sadece sen ve ben.
Baïŋ―ka kimse yok.
Havada uïŋ―uyoruz dostum.
Bir ïŋ―izik yok. Lanet bir ïŋ―izik bile yok.
Biliyorsun. seni her kim ele geïŋ―irdiyse....
...geri dïŋ―necek ve dïŋ―ndïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nde.
onun bedenine senin adïŋ―nïŋ― kazïŋ―yacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Onun bedenine senin adïŋ―nïŋ― kazïŋ―yacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Mac.
- Bu yana.
- Hangi cehennemdesin?
Neredesin?
Mac. neredesin?
Tanrïŋ―m.
Seni yakaladïŋ―m. piïŋ― kurusu.
Seni geberttim. seni lanet olasïŋ―.
Tanrïŋ―m. Bir domuzu ïŋ―ldïŋ―rdïŋ―n.
Daha bïŋ―yïŋ―k bir ïŋ―ey bulacaïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― mïŋ― sandïŋ―n?
Lanet olsun. Poncho. Lanet olsun.
- Kïŋ―z nerede?
- Kahretsin.
Niye kimse ona gïŋ―z kulak olmuyordu ki?
Neden kaïŋ―mayïŋ― denemedi?
Baksana. korkudan aklïŋ―nïŋ― kaïŋ―ïŋ―rmak ïŋ―zere.
Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―. buna bir gïŋ―z atsanïŋ―z iyi olur.
Blain'in bedeni. gitmiïŋ―.
Tuzaklarïŋ―n arasïŋ―ndan iïŋ―eriye girdi.
Tam burnumuzun dibinden ïŋ―ïŋ―kartïŋ―p aldïŋ― onu.
O domuz. tuzak fiïŋ―eïŋ―ini patlatmïŋ―ïŋ― Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― baïŋ―ka iz yok.
Nasïŋ―l olur da biri bunu baïŋ―arïŋ―p.
Blain'i haberimiz olmadan gïŋ―tïŋ―rebilir?
Ve neden bizi ïŋ―ldïŋ―rmeyi denemedi?
Buraya bedeni almaya geldi.
Bizi tek tek ïŋ―ldïŋ―rïŋ―yor.
Bir avcïŋ― gibi.
Aïŋ―aïŋ―larïŋ― kullanïŋ―yor.
Dïŋ―n ne gïŋ―rdïŋ―n?
- Zamanïŋ―nïŋ― boïŋ―a harcïŋ―yorsun.
- Artïŋ―k oyun yok.
Ne olduïŋ―unu bilmiyorum.
- O bir...
- Devam et.
Bukalemun gibi renk deïŋ―iïŋ―tirdi.
Ormanïŋ― kullanïŋ―yor.
Blain ile Hawkins'i
pis bir kertenkele mi ïŋ―ldïŋ―rdïŋ― diyorsun?
Boktan bir psikolojik hikaye. En fazla iki
ya da ïŋ―ïŋ― adam var. Ne kertenkelesi.
- Adïŋ―n ne?
- Anna.
Anna. bu ïŋ―ey peïŋ―imizde. Hepimizin.
Bunu biliyorsun.
- Ne halt ediyorsun sen?
- Herkese ihtiyacïŋ―mïŋ―z var.
- Onu gïŋ―tïŋ―rïŋ―yorum. Buradan ïŋ―ïŋ―kïŋ―yoruz.
- Gitmiyoruz.
Buluïŋ―ma 15 kilometre ïŋ―tede.
Helikopter bekler mi dersin?
Dillon. ïŋ―imdi siper yapïŋ―yoruz.
yoksa helikoptere gidecek kimse olmayacak.
Baïŋ―ka bir ïŋ―ey daha var.
Koca adam ïŋ―ldïŋ―rïŋ―ldïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nde.
onu yaralamïŋ―ïŋ― olmalïŋ―sïŋ―nïŋ―z.
Kanïŋ― yapraklarïŋ―n ïŋ―zerindeydi.
Eïŋ―er kanïŋ―yorsa. onu ïŋ―ldïŋ―rebiliriz.
Dikkat et.
Bu izci ïŋ―ocuk zïŋ―rvalarïŋ―
iïŋ―e yarayacak mïŋ― sanïŋ―yorsun gerïŋ―ekten.
Tuzak tellerimizi gïŋ―rebilir.
Ama belki bunu gïŋ―remez.
ïŋ―ikayet etmek yerine.
yardïŋ―m etsen daha iyi.
Niye buradan geleceïŋ―ini dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―yorsun?
45 metre boyunca her aïŋ―aïŋ―ta tuzak telleri var.
Buraya ïŋ―ïŋ―kan tek yol bu.
Ben kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―kken. bir adam bulmuïŋ―tuk.
ïŋ―ey gibi gïŋ―rïŋ―nïŋ―yordu....
...ïŋ―ey. doïŋ―ranmïŋ―ïŋ― gibi gïŋ―rïŋ―nïŋ―yordu.
Kasabadaki yaïŋ―lïŋ― kadïŋ―nlar haïŋ― ïŋ―ïŋ―kardïŋ―lar...
...ve ïŋ―ïŋ―lgïŋ―nca ïŋ―eyler fïŋ―sïŋ―ldadïŋ―lar.
garip ïŋ―eyler sïŋ―ylediler.
Bu sadece ïŋ―ok sïŋ―cak yïŋ―llarda olur.
Ve bu yïŋ―l sïŋ―cak geïŋ―iyor.
Adamlarïŋ―mïŋ―zïŋ― bulmaya baïŋ―lïŋ―yoruz.
Onlarïŋ― bazen derileri olmadan....
...ve bazen ïŋ―ok.
ïŋ―ok daha kïŋ―tïŋ― durumda bulduk.
"El que hace trofeos de los hombres"
yani "insan baïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― anïŋ― diye saklayan ïŋ―eytan."
Evet. ïŋ―imdi ne deneyeceksin? Peynir mi?
Hey. Hollandalïŋ―!
Kahretsin.
Yakaladïŋ―m. piïŋ― kurusu.
Seni yakaladïŋ―m.
Geliyorum.
Mac! Ramirez'i kaldïŋ―r ve helikoptere git.
- Dur. Mac'le gidiyorum.
- Bu senin tarzïŋ―n deïŋ―il Dillon.
Sizden kïŋ―tïŋ― alïŋ―ïŋ―kanlïŋ―klar geïŋ―ti.
Adamlarïŋ―nïŋ― bu pis yerden ïŋ―ïŋ―kart.
Bunu kazanamazsïŋ―n Dillon.
Belki berabere kalïŋ―rïŋ―m.
Dillon.
Sadece ïŋ―u lanet helikopteri tut.
ïŋ―ok kïŋ―tïŋ― yaralanmïŋ―ïŋ― Binbaïŋ―ïŋ―.
- Baïŋ―arabilirim. Baïŋ―arabilirim.
- Telsizi al. Gerisini boïŋ―ver.
Haydi Poncho.
ïŋ―nce uzun Sally...
ïŋ―yle tatlïŋ― yaratïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ― ki...
John Amca'nïŋ―n istediïŋ―i her ïŋ―ey var onda...
Oh. bebeïŋ―im.
Bebeïŋ―im.
Kendime bir eïŋ―lence...
Kendime bir eïŋ―lence bulacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Geri dïŋ―n.
Buraya.
Mac?
Orada. Aïŋ―aïŋ―larïŋ―n ardïŋ―nda.
Onu gïŋ―rïŋ―yor musun?
Seni gïŋ―rïŋ―yorum.
Onu gïŋ―rïŋ―yorum.
Biliyorsun. bu ïŋ―eyi ele geïŋ―irebiliriz Mac.
Sen aïŋ―aïŋ―ïŋ―dan ona yaklaïŋ―maya ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―.
Ben arkasïŋ―ndan dolaïŋ―ïŋ―p onu sana doïŋ―ru
getireceïŋ―im. Sen de onu mïŋ―hlayacaksïŋ―n.
Kapatmam gereken bir hesabïŋ―m var.
ïŋ―kimizin de kapatmasïŋ― gereken hesaplarïŋ― var.
Haydi. ïŋ―abuk. Acele et.
Yapma. Bïŋ―rak onu.
Seni ïŋ―ldïŋ―rmedi ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― silahlïŋ― deïŋ―ildin.
Zevkli olmazdïŋ―.
Mac.
Ne zaman istersen.
Gidelim.
Billy.
Billy. gidelim.
Bana silahïŋ― ver.
Hayïŋ―r.
Koïŋ―.
Git.
Helikoptere bin.
Kahretsin.
Beni gïŋ―remedi.
Aksïŋ―n kanïŋ―n. hergele.
Sen ïŋ―irkin bir piïŋ― kurususun.
Kïŋ―tïŋ― fikir.
Haydi.
Haydi. Yap ïŋ―unu.
Yap ïŋ―unu.
Haydi. Haydi.
ïŋ―ldïŋ―r beni. Buradayïŋ―m. ïŋ―ldïŋ―r beni.
Buradayïŋ―m. ïŋ―ldïŋ―r beni.
Haydi. ïŋ―ldïŋ―r beni. Buradayïŋ―m.
Haydi. ïŋ―imdi. ïŋ―ldïŋ―r beni.
Lanet olasïŋ―. nesin sen?
Lanet olasïŋ―?...
Tanrïŋ―m.
www.OpenSubtitles.org adresinden tïŋ―m reklamlarïŋ― kaldïŋ―rmak iïŋ―in bizi destekleyin ve VIP ïŋ―ye olun.